docs: Add Ubuntu Setup Instructions (#309) (#338)
OpenZeppelin/openzeppelin-monitor: docs/modules/ROOT/pages/quickstart.adoc

If you don't have Rust installed, visit https://rustup.rs/ to install it.
====

=== System Dependencies (Linux)

For Ubuntu 22.04+ or Debian-based systems (both x86 and ARM64 architectures), install required packages:

> **Note:** Python 3.9+ is required for pre-commit hooks compatibility.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
**Note:** Python 3.9+ is required for tests & running python scripts. If you intend to contribute to development of this codebase `pre-commit` requires python as dependency
```
